[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And wait till you hear
this incredible story
from Jason Rice.
Now Jason is an engineer,
former second lieutenant
in the United States
Army, a military person,
just like I was.
And he will be telling us a
story about the Secret Space
Program--
not just that it exists, but
what his involvement in it
has been.
And it's going to
knock your socks off.
Jason, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JASON RICE: Thank you, George.
Appreciate it.
>>NOORY: What an amazing story.
Absolutely amazing.
Now, on the first
glimpse of it, somebody
who will hear this story is
going to say, oh, come on.
Secret Space Program?
This happened to him?
What do you say to somebody
like that at this point?
>>RICE: At this
point, I would say,
if I was talking to
myself two years ago,
that I would have had
the same thoughts.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>RICE: I would have.
>>NOORY: You would
have doubted yourself?
>>RICE: I would have doubted it.
But having had the memories that
have come back to me, the ones
that I've been able
to regain and relive,
I know for certain that
the Secret Space Program
is for real, that there is a
shadow government, that there
are things and technologies
that are available that
aren't available to the rest of
the population on this planet.
>>NOORY: Let's go back to the
beginning that you can recall.
And then tell us about
this recollection,
how this is coming back to you.
Because I also
understand that you
have agreed to do some past
life regression and also
some other types of studies
to pull this out of you.
You're not hiding anything.
But how did this
first start coming?
I mean, did you have dreams,
nightmares about a Secret Space
Program?
What happened?
>>RICE: Well, the
very first indication
that something
wasn't right, George,
was when I exited the US Army.
I had PTSD that I
was suffering from.
And that was the
first indication
that there was something wrong.
And not having a
context to put it to,
it was just one of
those strange things.
And so a number
of years went by,
and I went in for
outpatient surgery.
This was the second indication
that something was off.
I was coming out
of the anesthesia.
And I don't remember
this, but I was told this
by the surgical staff.
And I was talking about my
involvement in a space program,
being an astronaut
and being out in space
and helping with
the space program.
And they chalked it up to
talking under the medication.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>RICE: And I again
had no context for it.
And so I was like, OK, that
was just one of those things.
I don't remember it anyway.
A number of years go by, and I
start having things come back.
OK, I think I remember
doing this before,
but I have no waking
memory of this.
It felt like I'd done it before.
An example would have
been I had participated
in a hang gliding class in
which you go into a Groupon
and you go with a
bunch of other people.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>RICE: So the first
time I tried it,
I was airborne and made
it all the way down
to the end of the
field, all 850 feet,
with 10 minutes of instruction.
Now, some people may chalk
that up to, OK, you're
pretty good with your
kinesthetics and your ability
to--
>>NOORY: Naturally.
>>RICE: Naturally, just
jump on a hang glider.
No.
I knew as soon as
I got airborne,
I've done this before.
And that, again, was
an out of place memory
that, OK, I don't recall
ever doing this before
and have no record of it.
Years go by.
Again, I go through
scuba training.
And the type of scuba
mask that I bought
happened to be a full face mask.
And so I had that type of
scuba mask because the work
I was doing at the time required
that I needed to communicate
with the surface.
So it--
>>NOORY: So they're big masks.
>>RICE: It's a big mask.
It's a full face.
It's not a regulator in your
mouth where you can't talk.
And that was another
memory flashback.
I've done this before.
But I've never had any
certifications for scuba, much
less a full face mask for it.
>>NOORY: So you are having
these deja vu experiences.
>>RICE: I was.
>>NOORY: But they
were getting stronger
and stronger and stronger.
>>RICE: They were.
They were.
And then, in 2016, they really
started coming back strongly.
That's when the dream
started kicking in.
And it turns out that that
was the 20-year anniversary,
or just before the 20-year
anniversary, of my getting out.
2016 was 20 years from when my
in-processing actually started.
>>NOORY: And you were in and
out a couple times, weren't you?
>>RICE: That's correct.
That's correct.
>>NOORY: Well, the
story that we're
going to unfold today here with
Jason is absolutely remarkable.
You started this
and the recruitment
started at what age?
>>RICE: I was around age two.
>>NOORY: Two years old?
Are your parents still alive?
>>RICE: They are.
>>NOORY: Do they
recollect any of this?
>>RICE: No.
They recollect my going to a
special behavioral program.
But to them, it was because
I was an escape artist
and kept getting
out of the house.
>>NOORY: At what
point would they
have gotten to you
at two years old
and your parents
not know about it?
>>RICE: While I was
at these classes
at this behavioral modification.
>>NOORY: All right.
As a two-year-old.
>>RICE: As a 2 and 1/2,
three-year-old, yes.
>>NOORY: So you're in
these classes and somebody
from the Secret Space Program,
some government agency,
they get to you?
>>RICE: The MILAB
program was heavily
involved in recruiting
and finding new recruits.
And one of the ways
that I'm convinced they
did this was through
setting up agreements
with these behavioral
modification programs.
Because most of the kids
that are intuitive empaths
are highly energetic,
don't listen, won't obey,
have their own
mind about things.
And so they will clandestinely
make arrangements
with these groups and these
organizations that are
doing psychological research.
And I'm sure some of it was.
Of course, they would never
be allowed to get away
with what they did then.
I mean, they put us in a box.
>>NOORY: All right.
Now, you're two years
old at the time.
>>RICE: Yes
>>NOORY: What are you doing
with a little two-year-old kid
for some agency?
What are they training you for?
>>RICE: They're getting
to know who you are,
getting to know what
you can and can't do.
>>NOORY: So they're
watching you.
>>RICE: They're watching.
And it wasn't until years later,
at the age of six or seven,
that they actually started
getting me involved,
taking me on field trips
while I was at school.
>>NOORY: A-ha.
So along the way,
they're watching you.
They're training you.
They're mind washing
you, basically.
And then, once you get
to that certain age,
it's time to start--
>>RICE: Training
>>NOORY: --using
and training you.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>NOORY: You talked about MILAB.
What is that?
>>RICE: Military
Abduction Program.
Training of the kids in
combat tactics, the ability
to use their intuitive
empath abilities,
how to manipulate people, how
to use their intuitive empath
skills to read situations
or to figure things out
that they've never
seen or done before.
>>NOORY: How many
students do you
think were involved
or are involved
in that kind of program?
>>RICE: There's no telling.
I know that they have--
>>NOORY: Countless numbers?
>>RICE: Countless thousand.
>>NOORY: Thousands.
>>RICE: Globally.
>>NOORY: Did they
ever pay you for this?
>>RICE: No
>>NOORY: Did you ever recollect
an individual you were assigned
to or anything like that?
>>RICE: No
>>NOORY: And this
is all starting
to come back to you now.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>NOORY: This is
an amazing program.
There's a fellow by the name of
Randy Cramer, a whistleblower.
I don't know if you know him.
He claims that he went through
a secret space program,
as a number of people have.
Corey Goode is
another one who has
mentioned that he's gone
through a secret space program.
Your situation could be
different from Corey's.
But let's look in on Randy.
>>RICE: Sure.
>>RANDY CRAMER:
Project Moon Shadow
was the project which
genetically engineered
and trained me and
299 other young boys
and girls, for a total of
300 of us, in the project.
We were all genetically
engineered from the ground up,
Petri dish level, and then
trained from pretty much--
I mean, the
programming, the sort
of teaching training programming
starts at a infantile toddler
age.
And then you start
physical, like showing up
to physical locations for
training, probably by 4,
4 and 1/2 years old.
So very, very, very
young starting.
But none of those early stage
training programs and so forth
are like really shocking or
violent or scary or anything.
They're all just programs
and training systems
designed to teach you
hand-eye coordination, group
dynamic functions,
how to work as a team.
>>NOORY: Jason, does
that sound familiar?
>>RICE: It does.
It does, with group
dynamics, working as a team,
learning to work
together, learning
to identify and recognize
other people's strengths
and weaknesses.
>>NOORY: Might you have
been in that program,
or do you think there
are a number of others?
>>RICE: I have a strong
feeling that there
are a number of protocol
programs that they utilize.
And depending on your strengths
and your individual weaknesses,
you will go to a
specific program.
>>NOORY: How did
they get to the point
where you don't
have memory of this?
What do they do to you?
>>RICE: Throughout
the program, because
of the technology
and the medication
and pharmaceuticals
that they have,
they are able to memory wipe
you from the experience.
And then, when
you're brought back
to go through
additional training,
they're able to selectively
turn on and off those memories
as needed to suit their needs.
>>NOORY: Which I think may be
what happened to Sirhan Sirhan,
the assassin of Robert Kennedy--
>>RICE: Yes.
>>NOORY: --who
continues to this day
to claim that he
has blanked out,
that he has no recollection
of what he did even though he
was clearly there.
They grabbed a gun from him.
But he has no idea
that he was there.
>>RICE: You look throughout
history at the number of people
that have had that exact kind
of thing happen, and it's--
to me, you can't have that
kind of smoke without a fire.
>>NOORY: Case in point,
Jason, while we're
talking about Sirhan
Sirhan, of course,
is his attorney,
whom I know well,
William Pepper,
talking about the fact
that Sirhan Sirhan has no
recollection of what happened.
>>ADRIAN FINIGHAN: You
touched upon it there,
events in that kitchen.
You can see then that
your client was there
and that he fired his gun.
Take us through the
scenario that you
believe developed there.
Why was he there, your
client, with a gun?
And why did he fire it?
>>WILLIAM PEPPER: Sirhan was
hypno-programmed in months
prior to the assassination.
He does not remember at all why
he was there and what he did
and what happened there.
There's an indication
of that, of course,
and it's been commented
on by a number of people
who have seen photographs
of him after the arrest.
I've spent nearly three hours
with him not so long ago.
And it's quite clear that
he still does not recall.
Now, he was told
that he did this.
He was told that he was guilty.
And so he said,
they told me this.
I don't remember it.
I was there.
I had a gun.
I actually discharged
the weapon.
He fired eight shots
of that weapon,
although six were
fired when his hand was
pinned to the steam table.
So he said, at the time, I guess
I just assumed that I did it.
And everyone told me that.
And his own lawyer at the time,
of course his trial counsel,
was a fellow called
Grant Cooper.
Now, Cooper was subject to an
indictment during the time when
he was Sirhan's--
a federal indictment when
he was Sirhan's counsel.
So they didn't even
put up a defense.
>>NOORY: Jason, do you feel
violated because of this?
>>RICE: Absolutely.
When I first started really
waking up in 2016, I was angry.
You know you go through the
multiple steps of grieving?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>RICE: Anger is one of them.
>>NOORY: Was this
done to hurt you?
I mean, what was their intent?
Why take you?
Why not just take some
volunteer who wants to do this?
And then we're going to get
into the Secret Space Program
and what you think it is.
But why grab somebody
and change his life
like they did to you instead of
getting somebody to volunteer?
I mean, you've been
in the military.
I've been in the military.
We probably would have
volunteered for a program
like this.
>>RICE: Sure.
With full disclosure,
you'll have
a much fewer number of
people actually volunteering.
But you'll still
have volunteers.
They did it because
they believed they were
doing the right thing for--
>>NOORY: They must
have done things
to you that were very
dangerous and serious that they
didn't want you to know about.
>>RICE: Yes, they did.
And they didn't want to
have that type of tool
at free will use running
amongst the population.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about the
Secret Space Program per se.
What is it, in your opinion?
>>RICE: The Secret
Space Program is
a number of different programs.
There isn't one.
There's a bunch of them.
The Air Force has their own.
The Navy has their own.
There's a breakaway
civilization,
the Antarctic German
breakaway civilization.
They have their own.
There's a number of
different governments
on this planet that has their
own secret space programs.
It's the use of
advanced technology
for whatever their
agendas may be.
It may be for dominance over
their particular air space.
It may be for science.
It may be for control of
their individual populations,
in that they are able to develop
additional technologies to do
that.
>>NOORY: Do you think you
have been an astronaut?
>>RICE: Not in any
conventional sense, but yes.
>>NOORY: Have you
traveled to the moon?
Have you traveled to the Mars?
Where have they taken you?
>>RICE: I've trained on Earth.
I've trained on the lunar
operations command on the moon.
I've been on Mars.
I've been on multiple
other planets.
>>NOORY: How did you get
to Mars, for example?
>>RICE: By shuttle.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>NOORY: How many years ago?
>>RICE: This was
originally in 1997.
>>NOORY: And how
long were you there?
Do you have
recollection of that?
>>RICE: The
recollections I have--
the first training base
that I was at, George--
and giving this more thought
as the memories come back,
we progressed to the base.
We progressed to the base by
the tunnel system underground.
And we ended up
in a large cavern.
And the cavern could
have been anywhere.
They told us it was--
>>NOORY: But you
believe it's Mars.
>>RICE: They told
us it was Georgia.
>>NOORY: Georgia?
>>RICE: They told
us it was Georgia.
And I'm very convinced that
was disinformation on purpose.
>>NOORY: But you were on Mars?
>>RICE: I had a feeling--
>>NOORY: They're
telling you it's Georgia
but you're on another planet?
>>RICE: I have a feeling
it was off planet.
They told us in the
briefings that we
would spend eight months in our
first training in that cave,
and then the next six months
would be spent on the moon.
And then the last four months
would be spent on Mars.
>>NOORY: When you were
around the age of 10 to 13,
what's going on in your life?
>>RICE: 10 to 13
in my life, I was
going through a lot
of issues at home.
They look for families that
have hard times because it's
much easier to manipulate what's
going on, where the kids are
and what's going
on as far as how
they can keep things hidden.
>>NOORY: What are they doing to
you at this age training wise?
>>RICE: Training wise?
They're taking me out
during school hours,
taking me to bases or to a
local facility in which they're
doing additional training.
It could be anything
from team building
to small individual
combat tactics.
>>NOORY: Did your
friends at the time--
do you remember your friends
saying, Jason, where are you
all the time?
Why are you leaving us?
Anything like that?
>>RICE: No.
>>NOORY: At what times
would they take you?
>>RICE: They would take
during the school day,
but they would also take
me during the night.
Because I do remember
occasions in which
I was at an abandoned mall.
>>NOORY: Did your parents know
who they were at any point?
>>RICE: If they did, they were
wiped of that information.
>>NOORY: The program
was called First 20.
>>RICE: 20 and back.
>>NOORY: Tell me about that.
>>RICE: The 20 and
Back program is
essentially, let's give
you the opportunity
to serve your country.
Let's give you a chance
to go out in space
and do some incredible things.
At the end of that
20-year period,
because you've been
away from Earth,
we're going to give you a chance
to go back right to the time
and point in which you left.
And you'll be able to
continue on with your life.
That's the 20 and Back program.
>>NOORY: It's kind
of intriguing.
>>RICE: It's very intriguing.
And the dangling of
that particular fruit
in front of you,
especially during an era
when Star Wars has
just come out--
all the science fiction
has been maturing
for the last 30 or 40 years.
There's lots of
information out there
about what the potential is.
And so being able to participate
in something like that
is an incredible motivator.
>>NOORY: So these
recollections are
starting to come back to you.
Do you think at that
time you were fully
aware of what was going on?
>>RICE: I was absolutely
not fully aware
of what was going on.
>>NOORY: Not fully aware.
>>RICE: No, I was not.
Absolutely not.
They don't give you
full disclosure.
They don't tell you
that they're going
to mind wipe you and erase the
20 years that you were gone.
On certain levels, you still
retain that information,
in the higher
levels of yourself.
That information is
still there, even
though the chemistry of the
physical body, it's gone.
But the memories
are still there.
And what they don't
count on is they
don't count on that after the 20
years, memories are returning.
If they had told me everything,
if they hadn't lied,
I probably would have
made a different decision.
>>NOORY: Do you
feel at this point
that they cheated with you?
>>RICE: Oh, they messed
with me big time, George.
Part of the process
that you go through
is they learn everything
about you, all your buttons,
all your motivators, everything
and anything physically,
emotionally, mentally, that
works and doesn't work for you.
So as part of the
out-processing,
they make sure--
another level of their
diabolical planning
and controlling this information
is if you start getting close
to the truth and
asking these questions,
protocols kick in within
yourself for self-destructive
behavior, for
self-destructive things that--
you think, why am I doing this?
But you end up
getting so distracted
that you're too
busy to even think
about some crazy
government conspiracy.
>>NOORY: And I've got
to tell you, Jason, I've
interviewed thousands
and thousands of people.
And I am not picking up from
you any kind of deception.
It's a bizarre
story, to be sure.
>>RICE: To be sure.
>>NOORY: And I'm
looking forward to when
they hypnotize you and try to
see if they can get some more
information out of you.
But I'm not picking up
anything of deceit or anything
like that.
And I've got to
commend you for that.
>>RICE: Well, thank you.
>>NOORY: The late whistleblower
William Tompkins, of course,
said on Gaia's "Cosmic
Disclosure" a little bit
about this.
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS:
They finished their Navy
20-year tour, and they make
the selection to go back
to United States.
Now remember, during
that 20 years,
they had no contact with
their family or with anybody
back on Earth.
That's a prerequisite.
But they remember the family.
They remember their
friends and the people
they used to go to and
some of the girlfriends
they used to have.
And so they come back.
But they were 20 years older
when they left the planet.
So the girlfriends are going
to be a whole lot older.
And so the Navy has allowed
them, in the Solar Warden
System Program, to
go back to the age
that they were when
they signed up.
Well, you said they were 20
years old when they signed up.
And they went a
20-year Navy tour.
They came back, and now
they're 20 years old.
And they are in
a situation where
life is this 20-year-old
life that they
had going when they left.
And now, during that
several weeks returning,
their minds, not
painfully, but their minds
are played with to where 90.99
of their memory for the last 20
years out in space is removed.
So they're sitting there now.
The girlfriend is the
same age as she was.
Wait a minute.
She wasn't 20 years
older like we said.
She's still the same age.
If he was married, his wife,
the kids, were the same age.
They didn't spend
20 years more life.
So he comes-- that's
kind of a cool system.
Yes, that system is
operating and has
been operating since 1980.
>>NOORY: Now that's
bizarre, Jason.
Is that what happened to you?
>>RICE: That's very well spoken.
>>NOORY: Same kind of thing.
>>RICE: Same concept.
Except he said that it wasn't
painful, and my memories
of the process--
>>NOORY: It was.
>>RICE: --are
actually very painful.
>>NOORY: So I was
going to ask you
if you think something
was so horrendous that
may have occurred that
that's the reason why
they have to brainwash you.
Because it was maybe
you saw some kind
of extraterrestrials that
were evil or something
horrible happened, and that the
only way you could cope with it
is to forget about it.
Possible?
>>RICE: That's a very
interesting point.
Yes, there were some
very horrible things
that we had to go
through, that we
had to see, that
we had to endure,
that we had to live through.
And no, that's not the
reason why they wiped it.
The reason they wiped it was
for operational securities.
>>NOORY: And they
do that with drugs?
How do you think they do that?
>>RICE: They do that through a
combination of pharmaceuticals
and technology.
The process that I went through
involved what very similarly
looks to like a dentist's chair.
But you're plugged into all
kinds of pharmaceuticals.
And they use scalar
waves and a number
of other types of radiation
or other medical processes
to, for me, clean my system
of the nanite and enhancements
that they gave us,
but also to age
regress us back to the
point from which we
left our original timeline.
>>NOORY: Jason, what
are screen memories?
>>RICE: Screen memories
are implanted memories
that they give you to replace
the blank that they take away.
For instance, my training
during childhood.
They didn't want me
remembering and going
home and talking about it
around the dinner table.
>>NOORY: Didn't want to
tell mom and dad, did they?
>>RICE: Right.
Hey, guess what?
I was at an Air Force
or Navy base today.
And they had me working
with other kids,
and I was talking to them
through these special devices.
>>NOORY: And I'm going to Mars.
>>RICE: Right, yeah.
So they will come in and
mind wipe that portion--
>>NOORY: Screen
you out, basically.
>>RICE: Yeah, erase it.
And then they'll come back
in with that blank slate
that they've just created and
say, you were at the aquarium.
You saw this shark.
>>NOORY: And that's
what you remember.
>>RICE: And that's
>>NOORY: Do you really want to
remember what happened to you?
>>RICE: You know, that's a
really good question, George.
And when I first started
waking up, I was so angry.
I said, gosh, I want
to remember everything.
Darn it, they took all this
from me and did all this to me.
Part of the personal
growth that you
have to do, the
personal work that I'm
convinced that you have to do--
I've learned that I don't
really want to know all
until it's the right time.
Because some of the
things I'm not ready for.
>>NOORY: You might not be
able to handle the truth,
as they say.
>>RICE: I might not.
And so some of the things
that have come back to me
have been very painful.
And some of these
things, originally, I
had to take a step
back for six weeks
because it was so painful.
It was so emotionally
disturbing to me.
>>NOORY: Do you tell
friends about this?
>>RICE: I've told some
close friends about this.
>>NOORY: What did they think?
>>RICE: The close
friends that I've told,
I have been very
selective about it.
And so they've been supportive.
They've been interested.
They've been open to it.
>>NOORY: Are they
concerned about you?
>>RICE: They have been
concerned about me.
They've been concerned
about my safety
and, hey, what's going to
happen to you if you come out
and talk about this?
>>NOORY: Have you weighed that?
>>RICE: I have.
I've weighed that.
And part of this
growth process has
been re-evaluating
my definition,
my own personal definition,
of life and death
and what the value of that is.
>>NOORY: You need to
be careful, Jason.
Because if they have taken
the extremes to play with
your mind, erase as much
as they think they can,
if you're going to
go public with this--
and you're starting
to, obviously,
on programs like this
and everything else--
they could shut you up--
>>RICE: Sure they could.
>>NOORY: --in their
own little way.
Aren't you concerned about that?
>>NOORY: Of course.
Of course I'm
concerned about it.
>>NOORY: Are you always
looking over your shoulder?
>>RICE: It's funny.
Hearing Corey talk
about having firearms
placed at different
places around the house,
I had to laugh when
I heard that episode.
Because that was
during my awakening
process, and I hadn't
really put pieces together.
But I had already
been doing that.
I was no more than an arm's
reach away from a firearm.
>>NOORY: Just in case.
>>RICE: Just in case.
And so it gets back to the
same concept of terrorism.
Do you not go outside
because you're so afraid?
No.
And I'm convinced that
we still have to carry on
and try and spread as
much love in just anything
that we're doing, take
care of ourselves.
>>NOORY: How do you know you're
out of the Secret Space Program
and that you're not still in it?
>>RICE: And that
I'm not still in it?
I'd say that the way
that I know I'm out
is that if I was still in,
I wouldn't have the health
issues that I've got, is that
they would take care of that.
>>NOORY: What's wrong with you?
>>RICE: I've got neck
and back problems.
>>NOORY: Caused by?
>>RICE: I think that
there is definitely
some origin in the
Secret Space Program.
The technology that
they used for healing,
while it is far beyond
anything that we could ever
see in any hospital on Earth,
it still has its limitations.
So I believe that they were
able to fix me up almost as good
as new, but there were
still some defects.
And so some of the
problems that I've had
have been exacerbated because
of the original injuries.
>>NOORY: Why can't
they heal you?
Why can't they use Star
Trekkian medicine-- right?
>>RICE: That's right.
>>NOORY: And wave a wand
right over your back.
>>RICE: Well, in some ways,
that's close to what they do.
But they're not gods.
They're still humans with
very advanced technology.
And humans by definition
are not perfect.
And so any technology that
they've acquired or made
is still not perfect.
>>NOORY: They're
not there quite yet.
>>RICE: Not there yet.
>>NOORY: Might you
have been involved
in some kind of spacecraft
crash or something like that?
>>RICE: Pretty sure that
that was the origin of it.
But the information is sketchy.
I'd like to learn more.
That's one of the things I
want to learn more about,
is the origins of that,
as well as the shrapnel
that I've got in my body.
>>NOORY: So you were in for 20.
And then did you go
back for a little bit?
>>RICE: I was in for
my first 20 and Back.
That started when I was at 13.
And the reason I know
that it was that year
was because that was the
final year of my training.
And it was at that point
that my maturity level
changed drastically, overnight.
>>NOORY: You went from
a kid to an adult.
>>RICE: I went from a
kid to an adult., yup.
I missed 186 out of 250
something days of school
that year.
>>NOORY: When you're
regressed back age wise,
do you go back into
time 20 years ago?
>>RICE: Yes.
Part of out-processing from
the 20 and Back program
is that the timeline that they
originally picked you from,
separated you from,
you're taken back to that.
And so when they return you
to your original timeline,
they age regress you.
And as I mentioned, for me
it was a painful experience.
It was about 10
days worth of hell.
>>NOORY: Would you
go through it again?
>>RICE: If I
absolutely had to, yes.
>>NOORY: But do you
actually feel that age when
they take you back 20 years?
>>RICE: You don't remember it.
But there are parts
of your higher
self, parts of the self
that do recall that.
It changes you,
absolutely changes you.
>>NOORY: And then they bring
you back to the reality of time?
>>RICE: They bring you back
to the original timeline
where you departed
from, drop you off.
Here you go.
Go back living your life.
We're going to watch
you for a while.
>>NOORY: Well, how do you
know you're out of it?
>>RICE: How do I know that I'm--
>>NOORY: That you're not
in the program anymore.
>>RICE: Well, aside
from being fed--
well, if I was still
in, the memories
that I've got of my daily
activities, they would.
not be as complete as they are.
And what that means
is, since my awakening,
doing the person work,
remembering more, and paying
attention to the
here and now allows
me to remember more
of what's going on.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>RICE: The screen memories
that they use, there's gaps.
There's lots of gaps.
And so when you have gaps
in your daily activity--
sometimes you space out.
And you're driving
to work, and you
don't remember a
particular field
that you've driven
by every single day
work for the last two years.
And you go, wow, how
long has that been there?
And the person next
to you says, man,
that's been there for 10 years.
>>NOORY: And it's
right under your nose.
>>RICE: And it's
It's those kind of
gaps that you can
look at from your daily
activities and say, OK,
do I remember picking
up my toothbrush?
Yes, I do.
Do I remember putting
toothpaste on it?
Yes, I do.
Do I remember buckling my belt?
Those little things that
they don't put generally
in screen memories is how I
know that I'm not still in it.
>>NOORY: You were a second
lieutenant in the United States
Army for how long?
>>RICE: I was a
second lieutenant
for all of about eight months.
And that was my whole
goal through college,
was to make a career
out of the US Army.
>>NOORY: And how did
you get out of the Army?
>>RICE: I had medical issues
that I was honorably discharged
from the service for.
>>NOORY: So you're done
with the military now.
>>RICE: Well, yes, I am
finished with the military.
However, there is a
particular document
that I have that has an
indefinite expiration date.
It's my ID card that I
was originally issued.
Almost all ID cards
that I've ever seen--
>>NOORY: So technically,
you're still in.
>>RICE: Well, it could
be said that I am.
I think that that was one of
the mistakes that was made,
one of the human errors, was
that they forgot to get that
or forgot to get that changed.
>>NOORY: Get your 20 in
and get your retirement out
of it, Jason.
>>RICE: That's what I said.
But nope.
No, that wasn't
part of the deal.
>>NOORY: That's not
going to happen?
>>RICE: No.
During the original
in-processing at the Fort
Indiantown Gap facility that I
was at, the original briefing
included a large
section on your pay,
how much you would be banking--
because you obviously
can't spend it
when you're off planet
somewhere-- and the tens
of hundreds of
thousands of dollars
that you would
acquire after 20 years
that would be available
to you when you return.
>>NOORY: And of course,
you've gotten all of it.
>>RICE: Not a dime.
[LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: Not a dime.
>>RICE: Not a dime.
>>NOORY: Will you ever collect?
>>RICE: No.
I'm not counting on that.
And you know what?
That's OK.
I said earlier, I wouldn't
be the person I am today
if I hadn't gone
through the experiences
that I've gone through.
And I value that much
more than any money.
>>NOORY: What would
you say to someone
who has been put through
a program like this, who
is at a point where they're just
beginning to understand what
happened to them?
How would you help them?
>>RICE: That's a
very good question.
And I in many ways wish
that I'd had somebody that
could have done that for me.
And the response that
I would give is--
do the personal work.
That's more important
than anything else,
than any memories, than any
"what happened to me" question.
Do the personal work.
Work on yourself.
Find out the whys.
Why are you angry about it?
Why are you angry
that they lied to you?
>>NOORY: Because they will
get angry, won't they?
>>RICE: Of course, on one
of those seven or nine
stages that you go through.
>>NOORY: Is it fixable for them?
>>RICE: Absolutely it is.
You're not broken beyond repair.
>>NOORY: Or alone.
>>RICE: Or alone.
And you're not going crazy.
And the best thing to do
is do the personal work.
Find a counselor
if you need help
to talk to that's not going to
want to institutionalize you.
And you can be selective
about the counselor
that you go find, or a
good friend or somebody
that you can discuss with
in an impartial manner.
Do the personal work.
Meditation.
Look at what you're
doing everyday.
Look at the
self-destructive behaviors
that you're either
avoiding or putting off.
And find a balance for them.
>>NOORY: Are you dealing with
a counselor who just gets you?
>>RICE: I have in the
past, but not currently.
Not currently.
The personal work that
I've been able to do
I'd say over the last year
has been heavily self guided.
And it requires a tremendous
amount of discipline
and doing your own
work, your own homework,
your own discernment.
There's a lot of
information out there,
and you have to be discerning
on what you take in
and what you reject.
Parts here, parts there.
And when you get better at
listening to your higher self,
or when you get
better at listening
to what your heart's
telling you, you get better.
And I'm in no way perfect at it.
I'm still learning, as I think
the human journey is part
of that, is that you're learning
the whole time if you're
open to it.
>>NOORY: You feel violated.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's going on with
a number of other people.
How do you feel about
the fact that they
may be doing this with
other little youngsters?
>>RICE: Oh, it's terrible.
>>NOORY: Training them along.
>>RICE: I have worried
about that very thing
with my own children.
Was it done to them?
Are my children going
through any of this?
Because how many other kids
have to go through the mind
wipes and the violations
and seeing the things
that they put them through?
Because one of the training
procedures that they do,
George, is they expose you.
Because they've explored
your entire psyche,
they know everything
you're afraid of.
So if you're afraid
of being burned alive,
through extensive virtual
reality, you get burned alive.
If you're afraid of
drowning, guess what?
You get to drown.
>>NOORY: They mind
play with you.
>>RICE: They mind play with
you through every single one
of your fears.
All of them-- falling, drowning.
>>NOORY: If you're
afraid of demons,
they'll put them in your
brain and stuff like that.
>>RICE: Bugs, snakes.
You name it.
They put you through
every one of them.
>>NOORY: I don't like
snakes or spiders.
So they'd be all over
me, wouldn't they?
>>RICE: I still
don't like spiders.
But yes.
>>NOORY: What, they
try to break you?
Is that what they do?
>>RICE: They're trying to
desensitize you so that, if you
are in a situation where
you have physical issues
or you have challenges,
that you can call on that
and say, OK, that was my fear.
I overcame it.
I can overcome this.
>>NOORY: Let's assume
for a moment, Jason,
that there was one person
responsible for watching you,
for training you.
Maybe they were in their
30s when you were 2.
They're probably dead now
and they've been replaced.
But if you had that
opportunity to confront
that person, that person who
was responsible for doing
all this to you in the program,
what would you say to them?
>>RICE: I'd tell
them it was wrong.
Absolutely.
I forgive them.
>>NOORY: You do forgive them?
>>RICE: Yes.
And that was a really
hard thing to come to.
Because I wouldn't be
the person I am today
if I hadn't gone through
everything I had to go through.
>>NOORY: Have you
had crying nights?
>>RICE: Of course.
Waking up in tears,
or days that you just
want to ball up in a corner.
Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: The recollection that
is starting to come back to you
now, what is probably one of
the most dramatic things you
can tell us today
that you can recall?
>>RICE: Seeing a planetary
bombardment by a kinetic energy
weapon and seeing--
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>RICE: --thousands
of people killed.
>>NOORY: Where?
>>RICE: This was during
deployment on another planet.
Part of our mission
was to help--
because the program
that I was involved with
was a false flag operation
from the top down.
The alien entities
that were in charge
of wanting to gain control
over other planets,
they're not very
attractive to most beings.
>>NOORY: In terms of appearance?
>>RICE: They're
scarier than hell.
They look like demons.
>>NOORY: Kind of describe
what they look like.
>>RICE: If you've seen any
devil or demon in a Western
Christian--
>>NOORY: With horns and--
>>RICE: Horns and tails.
>>NOORY: --those
funny tails and stuff.
That's what they look like?
>>RICE: Very close.
>>NOORY: Then maybe the
description biblically
may have been them.
>>RICE: It probably was.
I'm convinced it was.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>RICE: They are the ones that
are interacting with the humans
calling the shots.
And what they were doing is
they were using humanoids
under the false threat
of an alien invasion
on other planets.
Because the other
planets thought
that they were
going to get invaded
by some mean evil aliens.
And we show up.
We're here to help.
Well, absolutely.
They have far beyond
our technology.
There's no way we
could stand up to them.
What can you do for us?
There's the foot in the door.
We're invited in.
>>NOORY: Help us.
>>RICE: Help us.
Well, the cost of
being invited in
is you've got to turn over your
planetary control to whoever
turns out.
>>NOORY: Have we done that?
>>RICE: We've done that
on countless occasions.
Humans have helped enslave
a number of other planets
through that process.
>>NOORY: In our solar
system or outside of it?
>>RICE: Outside of our
solar system, in our galaxy.
>>NOORY: The propulsion systems
used to get you to these places
must be way beyond
what we're using today.
>>RICE: Oh, they are.
>>NOORY: Is it ET propulsion?
What is it?
What kind of technology is it?
>>RICE: It was originally
reverse engineered.
I believe some of it
was channeled as far
as the information
that was originally
obtained in the '30s for
the first human devices
that were created for
anti-gravity or temporal
travel.
The Germans were
doing it in the '30s.
And so from there, that's where
the breakaway civilization
went.
They took their toys and went
down to Antarctica first.
>>NOORY: What an amazing story.
>>RICE: And the
rest of the planet,
the rest of the cabal planet,
it was either seeded by other
aliens--
hey, here's some
technology for you.
It's crashed and
mostly banged up,
but I think you can do
some amazing things,
like seeing in the dark
or like fiber optics.
>>NOORY: And they've learned
how to bend space and time,
I think.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's how
they travel, basically
through wormholes or something
like that, instantly.
>>RICE: One instant
you're in one place.
In the next instant
you're in another.
>>NOORY: There you are.
Back to Randy Cramer again,
talking about his involvement
on other planets.
>>CRAMER: I have said this--
20-year tour.
20-year healing process.
Just straight up.
There's no other
way to look at it.
It was a 20-year tour and
a 20-year healing process
before I had a solid grip on
what the heck was going on.
>>NOORY: So the
Randy Cramer clip
that we just saw is much like
what has happened to you.
This must be a real story.
>>RICE: Well, as I
mentioned earlier,
George, where
there's enough smoke,
there's going to be a fire.
And I think that the
awakening process
that many are going
through now and realizing
there is a shadow government--
they are doing things that
are unethical, illegal,
and way beyond anything that's
ever even come out so far.
>>NOORY: What do you
think, Jason, the purpose
is of doing this?
Why are they doing this--
grabbing kids, training
kids, doing it?
Why is it so secret?
>>RICE: If they let us all
know about the technologies
that they have, the
people would be clamoring
for use of that technology.
>>NOORY: Of course.
I want free energy.
>>RICE: Who doesn't
want an electric bill?
We wouldn't have to have one.
We could have a small device
about the size of a shoebox
for all our power needs.
Never an electric
bill ever again.
>>NOORY: Or a power outage.
>>RICE: Or a power outage.
>>NOORY: You know,
we're concerned
about the power grid going
down from an EMP attack
or an X-flare from the sun.
This would help avoid that.
>>RICE: Yes.
You wouldn't have that.
Or another issue is,
well, what about travel?
Well, shoot, you
could get on a shuttle
and go anywhere you wanted
to in a matter of seconds,
or minutes at the longest.
You want to go to
London for lunch?
OK, let's go.
>>NOORY: Let's go.
Let's go from LA to New
York in a half hour.
>>RICE: Or Jupiter or Saturn,
anywhere you wanted to go.
>>NOORY: But that
sounds positive.
That sounds great.
Why not do that?
Give it to us.
>>RICE: That's what I say.
The issue is that the
mindset of these people
is that their self-worth is
so tied up in control, feeling
like they've got this divine
right of kings, which we all
know is the hogwash that
it is, and that they
want to be separate.
And that's how
they feel special.
That's how they feel
like they have something
that other people
don't, is they're
able to have this
control over others
because they have
technology, that they're
able to use technology and
medical procedures that
are way beyond anything
that's available now.
I had skin patches that
healed wounds and melted
into the skin.
I had implants that fought
radiation or enhanced
my vision and my hearing.
Any of the five senses
were enhanced, as well as
self-healing abilities.
That's out there.
It's out there today.
>>NOORY: Jason, you are
going to go through hypnosis.
You're going to
take a lie detector
test to prove what you're
saying is authentic.
You're still going to get
people that say, you're nuts.
>>RICE: Sure.
>>NOORY: You're lying.
You're not telling us the truth.
What do you say
to them right now,
those people who may be
watching the program today?
What do you say to them?
>>RICE: I would say to
them, do your homework.
Do your own research.
The information, the
crumbs, are out there.
They're out there right now.
And connect enough of the dots.
And when the time is right,
you'll be able to see it too.
>>NOORY: Can you
understand how they feel?
>>RICE: Of course I can.
I absolutely can understand.
>>NOORY: You felt that
way once yourself.
>>RICE: I felt that
way once myself.
Oh, that's just a bunch
of tinfoil hat talk.
I've got bigger
things to worry about.
I've got to pay my bills.
I've got to go take
care of my health.
I've got to look out for
the security of my family.
That's part of the
control program.
If you're so worried about
your safety and security
and your well-being
of your family,
you're not going to be
worried about little things
like extra technology
or conspiracy theories.
>>NOORY: Outside of being
a whistleblower now,
have you contemplated
hiring a lawyer
to maybe go after
the government,
maybe sue them for
what they've done?
They've taken most of your life.
And they've taken
it away from you.
That's got to be
worth something.
>>RICE: It is.
There is value to that.
And I think the value is going
to be in exposing the lies.
I don't feel that going
after them in a court of law
is going to be beneficial to the
awakening that needs to happen.
Because what happens is that,
in order to sue the government,
you've got to get
permission from them first.
>>NOORY: And you've got
to get an attorney--
>>RICE: That's willing to do it.
>>NOORY: --who's going to
be willing to take this on.
>>RICE: And everybody has to
stay alive for it to happen,
which doesn't always happen.
>>NOORY: How's your life now?
>>RICE: It's amazing.
>>NOORY: You're happy?
>>RICE: I am.
I am.
>>NOORY: Could you
always have said that?
>>RICE: No, absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
I have health issues, just like
so many millions of others.
I have struggles
every single day.
>>NOORY: How old are you?
>>RICE: 46.
>>NOORY: You're still a puppy.
>>RICE: And I have struggles
just like everybody else.
I am no different than
anybody else in that respect.
And it's all about how you
center yourself every day,
and enjoying that moment and
looking for the positive,
looking for the love of the day.
And there's so many different
signs and signals for that.
>>NOORY: Are you able
to sleep at night?
>>RICE: Yes, when health issues
don't keep me from sleep.
But yeah.
>>NOORY: But I mean
your mind is calm?
>>RICE: Yes.
Yes, it is.
>>NOORY: Are you concerned
that under hypnosis you're
going to get more information
that you really shouldn't get?
>>RICE: No, and here's why.
I mentioned a few minutes
ago that at first I
wanted to know everything,
start to finish.
Give it to me.
>>NOORY: I don't blame you.
>>RICE: That was
my first reaction.
It was, hey, I've been
hidden from all this
for all these years.
There have been a number
of instances and messages
that I've gotten from I call
my higher self, in that, OK,
I'm not ready for it, all of it.
The parts that I'm ready
for, they come to me.
They come to me through
waking messages,
through flashes of
memory, through dreams,
through any number of venues.
And so it's been a
healing and a self process
in itself learning
that, that hey, OK--
So getting back
to your question,
worrying about
whether or not some
of the things that come out
during hypnosis, if it's
going to be too much-- no,
because I know my higher self
won't allow that to happen.
Having relived some of the
memories from the experiences--
you asked a few minutes ago
the most painful memory.
And having lived
through seeing and being
able to zoom in on
a kinetic energy
weapon, which is basically
a meteor of a certain size--
You get too big and you're
going to destroy a hemisphere.
And that's not what
they wanted to do.
They just wanted to
take out cities around--
basically, dropping it in the
middle of the Gulf of Mexico
would take out all the cities
around the Gulf of Mexico.
>>NOORY: Did they
take out Atlantis?
Something happened.
>>RICE: Something
happened in Atlantis.
And until we get
full disclosure,
my belief is that
Atlantis happened
to be put under ice
because of the tampering
that alien races were
doing on this planet
to the indigenous population.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Are you still in
touch with anybody?
>>RICE: No.
>>NOORY: Done.
>>RICE: Done.
>>NOORY: Were you in touch
with ETs at one point?
>>RICE: Yes, I was.
Very early in my childhood.
I had contact.
>>NOORY: For those
that you remember--
not the demonic ones, not
the ones that looked like
the devil--
but were there good ones?
>>RICE: Yes.
There are many good ones.
On deployment, the indigenous
races that we dealt with, there
were some insectoids that were--
just like here, you have
good ones, you have bad ones.
You have bad apples just
like you have the good ones.
That seems to be a
pattern that's repeated
throughout the universe.
>>NOORY: Jason,
what are you trying
to accomplish by coming public,
by going forward with this?
What do you want?
>>RICE: That's a
really good question.
And there are three
things that I want
and the reason why
I'm doing this.
The first has to do with
getting the information out
about the Secret Space Program.
>>NOORY: And you're
doing that now.
>>RICE: Yes, by doing that.
Because humanity has been
involved in the enslavement
that I'm aware of--
I know I was involved in
at least two other planets.
We've helped enslave
at least two.
And that was just my unit.
And there were two divisions
that were doing this.
So there are countless
other planets out
there that humanity
has helped to enslave.
Whether we take
care of that, making
it right, tomorrow or next
year or in 1,000 years,
is something that we're
going to have to address
as a human race at some point.
>>NOORY: How did we
at Gaia find you?
Or did you find us?
>>RICE: I found Gaia through
the "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>>NOORY: Program.
>>RICE: --call for
the whistleblowers.
It was an act of synchronicity
I couldn't ignore.
It was the very next day after
a "mallet over the head,"
a-ha memory return.
Very next day.
Within 12 hours.
>>NOORY: Did you hold
back at all before you
decided to contact us?
>>RICE: I had been before
that, because I was still
putting memory pieces together.
And then, as I said, at
that one memory recollection
that came during a dream.
>>NOORY: If you pass
the lie detector
test, and if under hypnosis
more information comes out
about this, how will
you personally feel?
Travis Walton, for
example, whom I know--
"Fire in the Sky,"
claims he was abducted--
passed lie detector tests.
His friends who were
with him at that time--
>>RICE: Also passed.
>>NOORY: --passed
lie detector tests.
If you pass this test,
what does that tell you?
>>RICE: Well, it tells
me what I already knew.
>>NOORY: Does it
help you personally?
Does it reinforce to you
that what happened happened?
Because I still think
there's a little part of you,
a really small part
of you, that thinks,
did this really happen to me?
Or is my mind playing
games with me?
>>RICE: I think having those
test results will help me.
But I think more
importantly, it'll
help some of the
other people out there
that say, OK, this guy's
just talking nonsense.
Because I know what
I've experienced.
>>NOORY: And you're
convinced it happened to you.
>>RICE: I am
absolutely convinced.
>>NOORY: This is not a figment
of your vivid imagination.
>>RICE: No.
Having gone through the
memory recalls that I have--
and again, over a
20-year period--
the different dots that occurred
and making the connections
with those, even going
back to my childhood, to me
is enough information for me to
reach that kind of conclusion.
>>NOORY: Why didn't you
come forward 10 years ago?
>>RICE: I wasn't convinced.
I wasn't ready.
>>NOORY: You're ready now?
>>RICE: I am.
>>NOORY: Full speed ahead?
>>RICE: Full speed ahead.
>>NOORY: Ramifications?
You don't care?
>>RICE: I do care,
because I have family
and because I care about them.
As far as me personally,
having gone about as low as one
I believe can be in
my life and having
been at the very bottom--
And there are always
possibilities of ramifications.
There are people all
throughout history
that have, for instance,
brought out new technologies.
And they get mired in
false civil charges
and locked up on false
charges for this or that.
And you never hear
from them again.
Are there ways that they
could shut things down?
Of course.
Of course there are.
But the information's
important enough
and I feel strongly
enough about it
that I'm willing
to take that risk.
>>NOORY: What does your
family say about this?
>>RICE: They're supportive.
They're supportive of me.
>>NOORY: Are they
convinced that it happened?
>>RICE: They are convinced
that I'm convinced.
>>NOORY: I don't know
what happened to you.
I don't know what
happened to you.
But I actually believe you
believe what happened to you.
And that tells me
everything I need to know.
>>RICE: Sure.
Sure.
And being able to,
if nothing else,
open people's minds
to the possibilities--
and I think a lot of the
changes that we're seeing here
in the US with people
awakening to what's
going on behind the scenes
with our own government
and the shadow
government, that's
just the tip of the iceberg.
And being able to open
people's eyes to that--
if we can reach one person
and help them put context
to some of these
strange memories
that they're having, to show
them, hey, you're not crazy,
you're not just
imagining these things,
that there is a
possibility of some more
information out there,
of more experiences
out there than you
ever even considered,
then I consider it a success.
>>NOORY: Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief," Jason.
>>RICE: Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: And good luck to you.
>>RICE: Appreciate that.
>>NOORY: Do you believe?
Really doesn't matter, does it?
Because it's an
incredible story that
has some very real
possibilities.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]